creating q2 I had someone ask me a
question the other day oneness 00 is his
YouTube nickname and he wanted to know
what I look for in a group well I
haven't had a group in quite a while and
the thing is there is no way in my
opinion to pick the perfect group there
is no way to engineer the perfect gaming
group a gaming group is an organic
dynamic entity and sometimes you get
lucky and you start from the get-go with
a bunch of people that click that
everybody can arrive on the right time
you have to credit kind of schedule that
people get along win the game and
sometimes it'll last for quite a while
someone will leave in the dynamic
changes someone will join the giant
dynamic changes and that dynamic can go
good or bad and you can have periods
where the game seems like a chore and
then something changes it can be somehow
someone plays they could mature they can
change it could be someone leaves or
someone joins and then tonight dynamic
once again returns to that which you
enjoyed to begin with I've had games
like that I've had games that lasted
long enough where you saw the last
people in the group at the end of the
campaign more none of them were that
ones that started the campaign because
over time one would leave and someone
else would come in and now that I would
leave and someone else with them in and
over time it organically rotated it
changed it morphed it became something
different and different isn't
necessarily bad it's just different and
I've been in games where you could tell
from the moment somebody played in your
game that they were not going to work
and I had an unfortunate situation where
I had it with somebody move into my
apartment as a roommate they just needed
a place to live in the city I was living
inside cool I got a room you can move in
why don't you pay your rent you know he
could follow the house rules so she did
and give her the bigger room she had let
all of her own space and she knew I was
a gamer on a problem she was comfortable
dest yes she gets into the game I could
sure so he came up with a character for
her and it wasn't a perfect mesh for the
but he wasn't so far off that I couldn't
make it work uh you know a bit of a
stretch but you know nothing that the
game couldn't handle and she was a
complete and utter diva and I'm using
the word in its original meaning not in
the way it's been appropriated by
Hollywood she needed attention in a way
that wasn't healthy and she was a pain
in the buns and after a single game I
told her dear it's not gonna work and
she didn't ever came again with us and
which was awkward seeing as she was
living in my apartment and fairly
shortly after that she moved out because
we just didn't mesh as roommates because
I treated her like a roommate and not
like she was my best friend and she
wanted to move in and have a best friend
she wanted to move into the game and
suddenly become the center of attention
and that kind of thing can really
disrupt a game so there is no perfect
way to design a group there is no
there's nothing that you can do I don't
think just be a good judge of character
pick people that you think that you
might like get to know them before you
gain them game with them talk to them
have an interview they've got a YouTube
channel watch what they you know what
they say and I don't see where that what
they comment about things like that no
you don't have to stop the person what
you do have to get some little a little
bit of background information you're
going to invest a significant amount of
time into the relationship with this
person in that game so isn't a real
stretch if you do a little work to make
sure that that relationships going to be
worth your time so like I said there is
no secret there is no magic bullet there
is just lock and hopefully you find some
good gamers